Xucphr was never given a silver spoon at birth - he forged it himself.
Between merchant stalls and alchemy shops, he learned that coins and magic open more doors than brute force.
Instead of learning the way of the battlefield as his orc brotheren in Fissurelands, he learned the best tool of trade - knowledge.
From the secrets the Ember Tongue hold in their scrolls to the volcanic knowledge of the Obsidian Herders, information hold more value to those unfamiliar to the land than gold and treasure.
"Chase the knowledge; The coins come with the knowledge for free" is the motto that he took to heart from his mentor.

His mentor, Master Tal'ver, discovered Xucphr outside of Velmara and saw that he has a knack for magic. Xucphr peaked Master Tal'ver's interest enougth to become his apprentice in the way of magic and trade.
Xucphr then discovered that magic is a commodity that he can profit at a very high price to those unfamiliar with the way of magic. Over the years, Master Tal'ver watch Xucphr's arcane talents grew as well as his business instincts. After training with Master Tal'ver for years, he left to explore the world to find relics and spells that will cost his customers a pretty penny.

During his travels, Xucphr heard several rumors of certain abnormal events caused by ancient, forbidden spells that could change the faith of the world eons ago.
"Every quest is a gamble", said Xucphr, "but with allies the odds are favorable". Xucphr decided to lend a hand to his allies at Grinval Hollow, hoping to gain knowledge of the land and find the forbidden spells.


Xucphr's deepest desire:

"Learn what the gods forbid"
The Many offer to Xucphr what he craved the most: The knowledge to return what was lost; True Resurrection. 
In return, he would forever bear endless whispers and an insatiable hunger for more knowledge. 
The fear of losing Master Tal'ver and his childhood friend, Ka'roa, drove him close to the dark obsession for True Resurrection. 
His parents, clan, war buddies, and close friends from his childhood received the love of death and Xucphr was still cursed with life. 
Out of the endless, multiple whispers The Many spoke, one line comfort him on his quest:

"It will bring you closer. Not to as they were. Only as we remember them"

Xucphr's clan consists of orcs and goblins who worked together 

The Many is The Thousand Voices, Supreme Soul Vortex 
